Restriction Name	Description	Availability
Any Hazmat Prohibited	The route will not include roads where transporting any kind of hazardous material is prohibited.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Avoid Carpool Roads	The route will avoid roads that are designated exclusively for carpool (high-occupancy) vehicles.	All countries
Avoid Express Lanes	The route will avoid roads designated as express lanes.	All countries
Avoid Ferries	The route will avoid ferries.	All countries
Avoid Gates	The route will avoid roads where there are gates such as keyed access or guard controlled entryways.	All countries
Avoid Limited Access Roads	The route will avoid roads that are limited access highways.	All countries
Avoid Private Roads	The route will avoid roads that are not publicly owned and maintained.	All countries
Avoid Toll Roads	The route will avoid toll roads.	All countries
Avoid Unpaved Roads	The route will avoid roads that are not paved (for example, dirt, gravel, etc.).	All countries
Axle Count Restriction	The route will not include roads where trucks with the specified number of axles are prohibited. The number of axles can be specified using the Number of Axles restriction parameter.	
Driving a Bus	The route will not include roads where buses are prohibited. Using this restriction will also ensure that the route will honor one-way streets.	All countries
Driving a Delivery Vehicle	The route will not include roads where delivery vehicle are prohibited. Using this restriction will also ensure that the route will honor one-way streets.	All countries
Driving a Taxi	The route will not include roads where taxis are prohibited. Using this restriction will also ensure that the route will honor one-way streets.	All countries
Driving a Truck	The route will not include roads where trucks are prohibited. Using this restriction will also ensure that the route will honor one-way streets.	All countries
Driving an Automobile	The route will not include roads where automobiles are prohibited. Using this restriction will also ensure that the route will honor one-way streets.	All countries
Driving an Emergency Vehicle	The route will not include roads where emergency vehicles are prohibited. Using this restriction will also ensure that the route will honor one-way streets.	All countries
Height Restriction	The route will not include roads where the vehicle height exceeds the maximum allowed height for the road. The vehicle height can be specified using the Vehicle Height (meters) restriction parameter.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Kingpin to Rear Axle Length Restriction	The route will not include roads where the vehicle length exceeds the maximum allowed kingpin to rear axle for all trucks on the road. The length between the vehicle kingpin and the rear axle can be specified using the Vehicle Kingpin to Rear Axle Length (meters) restriction parameter.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Length Restriction	The route will not include roads where the vehicle length exceeds the maximum allowed length for the road. The vehicle length can be specified using the Vehicle Length (meters) restriction parameter.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Riding a Motorcycle	The route will not include roads where motorcycles are prohibited. Using this restriction will also ensure that the route will honor one-way streets.	All countries
Roads Under Construction Prohibited	The route will not include roads that are under construction.	All countries
Semi or Tractor with One or More Trailers Prohibited	The route will not include roads where semis or tractors with one or more trailers are prohibited.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Single Axle Vehicles Prohibited	The route will not include roads where vehicles with single axles are prohibited.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Tandem Axle Vehicles Prohibited	The route will not include roads where vehicles with tandem axles are prohibited.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Through Traffic Prohibited	The route will not include roads where through traffic (non-local) is prohibited.	All countries
Truck with Trailers Restriction	The route will not include roads where trucks with the specified number of trailers on the truck are prohibited. The number of trailers on the truck can be specified using the Number of Trailers on Truck restriction parameter.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Use Preferred Hazmat Routes	The route will prefer roads that are designated for transporting any kind of hazardous materials.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Use Preferred Truck Routes	The route will prefer roads that are designated as trucks routes such as the roads that are part of the national network as specified by the National Surface Transportation Assistance Act in the United States, or roads that are designated as truck routes by the state or province, or roads that are preferred by the trucks when driving in an area.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Walking	The route will not include roads where pedestrians are prohibited.	All countries
Weight Restriction	The route will not include roads where the vehicle weight exceeds the maximum allowed weight for the road. The vehicle weight can be specified using the Vehicle Weight (kilograms) restriction parameter.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Weight per Axle Restriction	The route will not include roads where the vehicle weight per axle exceeds the maximum allowed weight per axle for the road. The vehicle weight per axle can be specified using the Vehicle Weight per Axle (kilograms) restriction parameter.	Select countries in North America and Europe
Width Restriction	The route will not include roads where the vehicle width exceeds the maximum allowed width for the road. The vehicle width can be specified using the Vehicle Width(meters) restriction parameter.	Select countries in North America and Europe
